feat(create-router): add redirectPage method to replace current state in history (#21)
logux/state: README.md

  openPage(router, 'home')
}
```

If you need to replace current URL programmatically you can use `replacePage`:

```ts

> onExit() {

Reviewer: It is not cool that we use the same example in a different use cases. It is better to show a good use case for `replacePage` or change `openPage` example (if `replacePage` is the best for exit).

Author: fixed

  openPage(router, 'home')
}
```

If you need to replace current URL programmatically you can use `replacePage`:

```ts
login() {
  openPage(router, 'login')
}

onLoginSuccess() {

>   # replace login route, so we don't face it on back navigation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  // Replace login route, so we don’t face it on back navigation
```
